README.md, before:

# Teaching Tools

## Installing
1.	Go to the [https://www.autohotkey.com/download](AutoHotKey download page) and click “Download AutoHotkey installer”
2.	Double-click and follow the installation steps
3.	Save the attachment from this e-mail somewhere handy and double-click on it.
    You should receive a message saying “Teaching Tools is running”.

Once the tools are running they will stay running until you log off or restart your computer. Just double-click the file again in the future to run them again. There will also be an ‘H’ icon next to the taskbar clock which will let you close them.

If any of these steps don’t work for you, please [let me know](mailto:simon@simonwo.net) and we can work around whatever the problem is.

## Using
You can press the following key combinations to activate the functions:
*	Win+H: Randomly select a letter from A-H
*	Win+J: Randomly select a student from the currently loaded class list
*	Win+K: Randomly select a number from 4-8
*	Win+O: Open a class list. This is just a text file with one student name per line, use Notepad to create it (sorry, no help with accents yet!)
*	Win+Y: Set the time for the timer, defaults to 10 seconds
*	Win+T: Reset and start a timer for the configured time
*	Win+?: Display this help

## Sharing
This is released under an [open-source license](./LICENSE), which gives anyone the power to share and modify the tools as they see fit, with no time limit.

Commit message:

Add a sound to signal the end of a timer
- A sound will now play when a timer ends.
- The Windows "chord" sound will be used
  by default, to maximise the number of
  systems that will have a default sound.
- Users can override the sound by placing
  a `timer.wav` or `timer.mp3` file in the
  script directory.

README.md, after:

# Teaching Tools

## Installing
1.	Go to the [https://www.autohotkey.com/download](AutoHotKey download page) and click “Download AutoHotkey installer”
2.	Double-click and follow the installation steps
3.	Save the attachment from this e-mail somewhere handy and double-click on it.
    You should receive a message saying “Teaching Tools is running”.

Once the tools are running they will stay running until you log off or restart your computer. Just double-click the file again in the future to run them again. There will also be an ‘H’ icon next to the taskbar clock which will let you close them.

If any of these steps don’t work for you, please [let me know](mailto:simon@simonwo.net) and we can work around whatever the problem is.

## Using
You can press the following key combinations to activate the functions:
*	Win+H: Randomly select a letter from A-H
*	Win+J: Randomly select a student from the currently loaded class list
*	Win+K: Randomly select a number from 4-8
*	Win+O: Open a class list. This is just a text file with one student name per line, use Notepad to create it (sorry, no help with accents yet!)
*	Win+Y: Set the time for the timer, defaults to 10 seconds
*	Win+T: Reset and start a timer for the configured time
*	Win+?: Display this help

### Timer buzzer
A sound will play to signal the end of the timer. By default, a built-in Windows sound will be used.

You can specify your own sound by placing a file called `timer.wav` or `timer.mp3` in the same directory as the `teacher.ahk` file. Your custom sound will play when the timer ends.

## Sharing
This is released under an [open-source license](./LICENSE), which gives anyone the power to share and modify the tools as they see fit, with no time limit.
